minimum changes to the private ride side more changes to the rideshare side
try to not break current things that are working as you do your changes



changes required.

- billing 
preference was implemented in the settings screen in the 
XGOLife App.

the prefence is not implemented from the database side and bacekend 
implement that.
updaate the xgo dashboard [front end control center system] to have somewhere to show howmany are on which billing type 
and on the user profiles somwhere.

in the private ride the preference is not effected at the point where the
ride is billed. we need to effect that.

in the area of the rideshare, we need to also implement the billing preference




-funnel on statistics

the funnel structure we implemented for tracking how the users
are progressing through the funnel. we want to use the structure
for implementation in the application statistics screen so that also seen this insight
in the xgo dashboard [front end control center system]



guideline push notifications


-push notifications
on passenger side and on driver side.
the goal is for improved user experience where key status changes happen on a trip 

the app should send push notifcations
suggested notifications 
you can add more or remove as you see necesary
  our othe goalsis also to reduce  the number of passengers failing to get matched with driver. we want to increas the rate at which a user who initiated a trip get matched and sonsequenctly completes their trip sucessfully you are free to suggest and improve our guideline



    Private ride
driver side, there are x number private ride request passengers near you less than 2 km raduis
driver side, passenger has sent a counter offer
passenger side, driver has sent a counter offer
passenger side, your ride has been accepted.
passenger side, your driver is on the way.
passenger side, your driver has arrived.


    Rideshare
driver side, there are x number rideshare request passengers near you less than 2 km raduis going to (most common destination)
driver side, passenger has sent a counter offerpassenger side, driver has declined/rejected your offer
passenger side, driver has sent a counter offer for your request
passenger side, driver has accepted your request on the current offer
passenger side, your driver is on the way.
passenger side, your driver has arrived.


-Comments / Feedback
for rideshares missing end point, extend the db table to capture stars rating and comments like sone in the trips table.
adjust necesary backend and front end for the rideshare driver side and passenger side
the feed back page should be adjusted. it currently displays the private rides feedback only.